Feed.me is a social media custom feed tool. The app pulls in 20 Instagram posts that you can edit and curate into a custom feed. The feed is housed in a Firebase database and deployed via Firebase. 

Loading the feed: The app gets several data points from 20 recent posts from one IG account. That data is compiled in to an array of 20 objects and pushed to a Firebase database which generates a unique code for each object. The app then reads that database and dynamically creates a grid of posts from the data. Each post contains an image, the username of the Instagram user, the number of likes, a caption, the source url, and the unique firebase id code, which is dynamically added to the parent element as the value of a data-id attribute.

Viewing posts: If the user hovers over the post image with the cursor, an "expand" icon will appear in the bottom right corner of the image. Because the post (and pop up icon) is generated dynamically, this hover effect is accomplished through event delegation. The user can click anywhere on the image (except the top right corner designated for curation) to open a pop up window where the image is enlarged and the caption can be edited. The data is pulled directly from Firebase using the post data-id to match the Firebase unique id. The user can also navigate to the original post on Instagram by clicking the "View Source" link.

Editing the caption: The caption can be edited by clicking the edit icon that appears when the mouse enters the caption area. When the icon is clicked, the caption div is given the attribute "contenteditable" set to true so that the text aread is now editable. The user must click "save" then exit the pop up, and upon exiting the data-id of the edited post is matched in Firebase and the corresponding data is updated.

Curating posts: The user can select unwanted posts by clicking the icon in the top right corner of a given post. When the icon is clicked, a class of "exclude" is added to the parent div using event delegation. When all posts to be excluded have been selected, the user can click the button in the top right corner of the page with a scissors graphic. The data-id's of each post with class of "excluded" is pushed to an array that is iterated through and any matches in firebase are deleted.
